today's news Korea's first plus-size
model responds to the Korea's
unrealistic beauty standard article
there's actually two articles that this
whole story is referring to I think it
was Giuliana Haas who originally posted
about an experience that she had going
over to Korea she's a korean-american
twenty-four year old this lady Juliana
had an experience while being in Korea
with three family members telling her
she'd gained weight that her appearance
her appearance had deteriorated from the
last time that they had saw her and that
it's a shame because she's actually
pretty or was pretty the last time they
saw her it's actually par for the course
that seems what like that could easily
happen like that's happened a million
times over there yeah it could easily
happen that is the kind of thing that
does occasionally happen but hey I don't
know I I do think that it's a little
harsh I like what she did in response
because you're not allowed to talk back
to elders there you're just not allowed
to we are because we don't have this set
of social structure in place but they do
but because she's from the United States
she thinks more like we do and she
decided to tell them that they can't
talk to her like this and that what they
said was hurtful and wrong and that she
had in fact lost ways as the last time
she saw them Wow good for her
I'm shocked let's how fucked up it is in
the beginning that they criticized her
when they first see her and she said
that they did it multiple times on the
first time that she was there visiting
and after a while they just started
ignoring the fact that she was in the
room and talking about her but to each
other hmm that's really rude
that makes me sad to hear nobody wants
to experience that and nobody deserves
to experience that I really like this
plus-size model her name is um kim
ji-young uh from seoul she's the first
sighs model and I really like her advice
she was talking about how she
experienced some of this as well when
she was a kid but she finally came to a
point where she had to realize that she
needed to be what made her happy she
needed to be the the her that makes her
happy that's what we all have and she
started this plus-sized fashion magazine
to try to empower people to be
comfortable in their own skin and in
their own weight and her biggest advice
was don't let yourself be defined by
anyone else other than yourself
and I thought that was really super
powerful and really fantastic advice we
just came back from Washington DC where
we were visiting a friend who lives in
Korea he's a Brazilian the three of us
see eye-to-eye on many things and it's
not that we disagree on anything but
just because we've already moved back
from Korea and he's traveling back to
Korea like he hasn't escaped the mindset
which resides over there and so I could
already see the divide a little bit
between how we feel now living here
versus how we felt living over there
this was much more of a reality when we
lived over there that's not a reality
for us anymore I remember you guys as
soon as we saw him immediately
you guys started talking about weight
and who's gotten older and stuff like
that and that I'm sorry but you both
look fantastic I was just like shut up
boys we really talked about that yeah
you did I just think it's ridiculous
that distant family members when you see
somebody for the first time in a long
time have to have this conversation all
forget Korean culture yeah like why is
this a Korean culture thing why can't
you just be thankful that you get
disease somebody for the first time and
if you see something you don't like you
just keep it to yourself like how can
Korean culture be so close-minded when
it comes to other people's feelings I
don't know if it's close-minded as much
that it's just culturally okay to do it
it's okay for the older person to say
what they want to other people even if
it's going to hurt their feelings well
it's not even older people because what
I was over there working younger people
would say thanks to me about and I was
their teacher and so it was just show
societally acceptable to say something
about what you thought about somebody
else's appearance like that was
acceptable and I think that because
that's acceptable
like you don't even think about their
feelings whether your thoughts on this
article and this poor girl's situation
yeah how would you feel if you went to
visit some distant family members
somewhere else and then they started
talking smack about you all day oh I
don't feel like I'm from a special
family like my family has issues but I
can't imagine this really happening to
me or even like we go to visit your
family they're like no they wouldn't say
something like that to your face but
maybe it's not so bad seeing it to a
face
okay like why'd you guys cook subscribe
button thanks for watching sit we're out
of here I'll stop my wagon